Add note about external icon sets (#1586)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/icons/index.asciidoc

The icons are rendered as an inline `<svg>` element inside the shadow root of a `<vaadin-icon>` element, allowing you to style them using CSS.

> == External Icon Sets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Third-party Icon Sets
```

> Other than the built-in Lumo and Vaadin icons, you can also use icons from other icon sets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Apart from the built-in Lumo and Vaadin icons, you can also use icons from other icon sets.
```

> However, different icon sets tend to be implemented rather differently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, icon sets come in many different formats, which means that there is no standard way to integrate and use them with Vaadin that would work for all icon sets.
```

> This, unfortunately, implies that there is no standard, simple steps to follow that would work for all icon sets.
> Sill, as an example, you can consider how projects generated from https://start.vaadin.com[Vaadin Start] use the icons from the https://icons8.com/line-awesome/[Line Awesome] icon set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, this implies that there are no standard, simple steps to follow that would work for all icon sets.
Nevertheless, as an example, you can consider how projects generated from https://start.vaadin.com[Vaadin Start] use the icons from the https://icons8.com/line-awesome/[Line Awesome] icon set.
```
